TODO.md, before:

# TODO

 - ~~Layout style~~
 - ~~Landing/Dashboard page~~
 - ~~Open Position Component~~
 - ~~Dummy data~~
 - ~~Persist New Trade (in-browser)~~
 - - ~~Covered Call~~
 - - ~~Short Put~~
 - ~~Fetch companies from some API~~
 - ~~Implement interface to persist trades (local storage for now but interface for back-end later)~~
 - ~~Implement a 'No Positions' default state in open positions if there is no open position.~~
 - ~~Implement a details card on right side of dashboard when a position is being examined.~~
 - ~~Add in trade fees for opening a position.~~
 - ~~Add edit details for a position~~
 - ~~Add a 'Delete' position action in detail card~~
 - Add a "Expired Worthless" button to the position details card
 - Logic to handle expired positions (click in open positions and specify how it was closed)
  - History
 - - Display Opens/Close
 - Analysis
 - - Implement Symbol Search Analysis
 - - - Profit/Loss
 - - - Current Positions
 - - Implement Time Period Analysis
- - - Profit/Loss
- Technical -- Write a class repository wrappers around persistence instead of explicit persistence calls
- Export to CSV feature
- Clear Data

Commit message:

Expired worthless button for expired positions. Added action needed badge to expired open positions

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

 - ~~Layout style~~
 - ~~Landing/Dashboard page~~
 - ~~Open Position Component~~
 - ~~Dummy data~~
 - ~~Persist New Trade (in-browser)~~
 - - ~~Covered Call~~
 - - ~~Short Put~~
 - ~~Fetch companies from some API~~
 - ~~Implement interface to persist trades (local storage for now but interface for back-end later)~~
 - ~~Implement a 'No Positions' default state in open positions if there is no open position.~~
 - ~~Implement a details card on right side of dashboard when a position is being examined.~~
 - ~~Add in trade fees for opening a position.~~
 - ~~Add edit details for a position~~
 - ~~Add a 'Delete' position action in detail card~~
 - ~~Add a "Expired Worthless" button to the position details card~~
 - Add a persistence ledger for adding a position
 - Implement logic to close a position
 - - Ensure Persisted
 - Implement logic to mark a position as assigned
 - - Ensure Persisted
 - Implement logic to mark expired worthless for expired positions
 - - Ensure Persisted
 - Logic to handle expired positions (click in open positions and specify how it was closed)
 - History
 - - Display Opens/Close
 - Analysis
 - - Implement Symbol Search Analysis
 - - - Profit/Loss
 - - - Current Positions
 - - Implement Time Period Analysis
- - - Profit/Loss
- Technical -- Write a class repository wrappers around persistence instead of explicit persistence calls
- Export to CSV feature
- Clear Data
